We now need to create an IAM role.
An IAM role allows us to create credentials that we can use outside of the
AWS console to gain access to services in our AWS account.
In our case,
we want to create and give access to our Movie Rank DynamoDB table. Inside the
AWS console, if we enter into the AWS services search box,
IAM in selector, we are taken to the Identity and Access Management page.
We will select users in the left‑hand menu and then Add user. In the
User name text box, we will name our user MovieRank, and we'll also
select the Programmatic access checkbox.
Selecting this option will give us access and secret keys that
we'll need to add to our credentials file.
We will now select Next. Under Set permissions, we will create a group,
a group named DynamoDBFullAccess. In the Filter
policies, we will search for DynamoDB.
The top result gives us full access to DynamoDB, and
this is the option that we'll be using.
This is also the place where you can limit access to DynamoDB.
You could set up multiple users and give certain users only read access.
It's always a good idea to limit the amount of access that you give out.
We will now create our group, and we'll select Next Review where we can
review our permissions that we have set. All looks fine,
so we will go ahead and create the user.
The Add user screen gives us the access and secret keys.
Once you move off the screen, you won't be able to see the secret key again.
You would need to create a new user and get a new access and secret key.
Make sure that you record these down somewhere
because we'll be using them shortly.
Back on the user's screen,
we can now see that our MovieRank user has been created.
This screen gives us some pretty useful information such as
the age of our access and password, i.e., when it was created
and when the key was last used.
Now that we have our access and secret keys,
we need to add them to our credentials file that our DynamoDB client will read from.